First update to release notes (#305965)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2405.section.md

- `services.aria2.rpcSecret` has been replaced with `services.aria2.rpcSecretFile`.
  This was done so that secrets aren't stored in the world-readable nix store.
  To migrate, you will have to create a file with the same exact string, and change
  your module options to point to that file. For example, `services.aria2.rpcSecret =
  "mysecret"` becomes `services.aria2.rpcSecretFile = "/path/to/secret_file"`
  where the file `secret_file` contains the string `mysecret`.

- `openssh`, `openssh_hpn` and `openssh_gssapi` are now compiled without support for the DSA signature algorithm as it is being deprecated upstream. Users still relying on DSA keys should consider upgrading
  to another signature algorithm. However, for the time being it is possible to restore DSA key support using `override` to set `dsaKeysSupport = true`.

- `buildGoModule` now throws an error when `vendorHash` is not specified. `vendorSha256`, deprecated in Nixpkgs 23.11, is now ignored and is no longer a `vendorHash` alias.

> - Invidious (TODO awaiting feedback on code-casing package names) has changed its default database username from `kemal` to `invidious`. Setups involving an externally-provisioned database (i.e. `services.invidious.database.createLocally == false`) should adjust their configuration accordingly. The old `kemal` user will not be removed automatically even when the database is provisioned automatically.(https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/265857)

Reviewer: This might be more accurate
```suggestion
- `services.invidious.settings.db.user`, the default database username, has changed from `kemal` to `invidious`. Setups involving an externally-provisioned database (i.e. `services.invidious.database.createLocally == false`) should adjust their configuration accordingly. The old `kemal` user will not be removed automatically even when the database is provisioned automatically.(https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/pull/265857)
```

Reviewer: cc @999eagle
